README.md, before:

# zetton-stream

Stream-related module for external communication in Project Zetton.

## Prerequisites

Recommended environment:

- Ubuntu 18.04
- ROS Melodic
- OpenCV 4.1.0+
- GStreamer 1.14+ (with `libgstrtspserver-1.0-dev`)

## Usage

### Stream

- `CvGstStreamSource`: capturing stream with OpenCV and GStreamer. [[example code]](example/cv_gst_rtsp_stream.cc)

   | Platform   | Protocol | Codec | Result                              |
   | ---------- | -------- | ----- | ----------------------------------- |
   | PC w/ CPU  | RTSP     | H264  | Works                               |
   | PC w/ GPU  | RTSP     | H264  | Works in GUI (not in headless mode) |
   | Jetson TX2 | RTSP     | H264  | Works                               |

- `GstRtspStreamOutput` (C++) and `GstRtspStreamer` (Python): streaming given frames via RTSP protocol.

## License

- For academic use, this project is licensed under the 2-clause BSD License - see the [LICENSE file](LICENSE) for details.
- For commercial use, please contact [Yusu Pan](mailto:xxdsox@gmail.com).

Commit message:

build: convert to a pure CMake project (#1)
* build: refactored as a pure CMake package

the python package has not been refactored yet

* build(cmake): add zetton_cc_library cmake function

* chore: add config for linters and formatters

and remove warnings

* style: add pre-commit

README.md, after:

# zetton-stream

Stream-related module for external communication in Project Zetton.

## Prerequisites

Recommended environment:

- Ubuntu 18.04
- OpenCV 4.1.0+
- GStreamer 1.14+ (with `libgstrtspserver-1.0-dev`)

## Usage

### Stream

- `CvGstStreamSource`: capturing stream with OpenCV and GStreamer. [[example code]](example/cv_gst_rtsp_stream.cc)

   | Platform   | Protocol | Codec | Result                              |
   | ---------- | -------- | ----- | ----------------------------------- |
   | PC w/ CPU  | RTSP     | H264  | Works                               |
   | PC w/ GPU  | RTSP     | H264  | Works in GUI (not in headless mode) |
   | Jetson TX2 | RTSP     | H264  | Works                               |

- `GstRtspStreamOutput` (C++) and `GstRtspStreamer` (Python): streaming given frames via RTSP protocol.

## Known Issues

- The python package has not been switched to colcon building system yet

## License

- For academic use, this project is licensed under the 2-clause BSD License - see the [LICENSE file](LICENSE) for details.
- For commercial use, please contact [Yusu Pan](mailto:xxdsox@gmail.com).
